premiering on disney plus is the eighth
episode of the marvel universe's what if
series in which natasha romanov and
clint barton attempt to destroy ultron
after a catastrophe of massive magnitude
that's why today on the summarizer what
if ultron won as we have seen in
previous episodes time space reality
it's more than a linear path in this
series it's a prism of unlimited
possibility where a single choice can
divide into infinite realities and
create alternate worlds to the one you
already know and here we are going to
see it all from the eyes of the watcher
who is our guide in these vast new
realities the story begins with
something we've seen before which is a
universe in the last days before its
destruction because this is actually the
story of natasha romanov also known as
black widow and clint barton also known
as hawkeye black widow is being chased
by an army of ultron sentinels and has
90 seconds to do something however that
is not much to worry about because at
that moment hawkeye appears and defends
her with his arrows while our
protagonist escapes with her motorcycle
and with a couple of bombs they manage
to get rid of almost all the sentinels a
couple of minutes later part of the army
appears again but hawkeye appears again
to take care of the situation at one
point there are only 30 seconds left
when clint loses an arm in his fight
against the sentinels but just then
black widow appears gives him a hand and
says that they must hurry because they
are failing because if they take just a
little longer the sentinels are going to
send their location to ultron's hive
mine anyway all this doesn't matter much
because while the two of them are
walking somewhere in russia they tell us
the story we already know from the
previous movies that apparently the end
of the world began with the dream of
tony stark when he created ultron to
protect the world and achieve peace with
the mind stone but for ultron there was
only one path to peace and that path was
the elimination of all life but to
really be able to carry out his plan
ultron needed an organic body of his own
which would merge the powers of man
machine and mind into one but in the
universe we already know from the
previous movies the avengers stole that
thing and used it to create vision well
forget about that though because in this
universe ultron achieved his goal of
getting that body and with the infinite
power of the mind stone completed by the
power that vision's body gave him he
began to desolate the entire planet and
although our two characters from before
want to shoot down the satellites so
that it can't launch the missiles it
seems it's too late and they cannot do
anything more because ultron launches
them anyway with the goal of destroying
all humanity everyone you love around
you is dying
and while we see how a lot of missiles
are about to fall on the different
countries of the planet earth hawkeye
and black widow realize that it's too
late so in this universe ultron
destroyed the entire planet and now he
finally achieved the supposed peace for
which he was created but it doesn't end
here because ultron's era has just begun
the point is that at one point thanos
appears with four infinity stones but
even when he tries to attack him ultron
doesn't have much trouble and kills him
in a second no way and so
without much effort he gets the rest of
the infinity stones he realizes that
there are many more worlds than that and
then they need him to achieve peace so
now he's going to spread peace to all
corners of the universe on his world
destroying journey he first passes
thor's home and destroys the planet
asgard without much trouble then he
destroys the planet you surely remember
from guardians of the galaxy 2 named the
sovereign then sakhar and ego until he
reaches zandar where captain marvel
appears run
there she takes him to the core of the
planet she gives him quite a fight and
at one point it looks like she's finally
gonna be able to stop him but when she's
about to destroy him he gets away and
ends up destroying the planet and all
those in his system then he realizes
that his work to achieve peace on all
the planets is finished yes even though
achieving peace implies having killed
everyone but that doesn't matter much
what does matter is that once his
mission is accomplished ultron becomes a
program without purpose sentenced to be
alone until infinity the point is that
at that moment he feels the presence of
another person who is neither more nor
less than the watcher so he realizes
that his work is not yet finished
because he learns that there are also
alternate universes upon realizing this
the watcher doesn't understand how this
can be possible and worries about the
horrors he could cause if he enters the
multiverse but he also says that there
is one last hope for that not to happen
at this point our two protagonists enter
a place with the kgb archives and start
looking for some documents after
searching almost everywhere they find
the shield and although nat is in a good
mood and makes a couple of jokes clint
is tired of searching at that moment
they are very close to finding the box
with the answer but just then hawkeye
decides to stop looking there nat tells
clint to cheer up because if they want
to take down ultron they need an ai to
fight the code but clint tired of
looking all over the warehouse tells her
that the death star plans are not in
that base although the watcher knows
they are right in the box next to him
anyway in the end they end up finding it
because at that moment nat finds what
they were looking for and there they
discover that there is an old hydra base
in siberia with the name of zola and
it's the only thing that can help them
to eliminate ultron after seeing that
the watcher says that there is still
hope to save their lives but at that
moment ultron finds him who apparently
already knows that there are multiple
universes and his next plan is to
destroy all timelines by this point our
two characters are already in siberia
when nat says that arnhem zola was a
hydra scientist who infiltrated shield
and before dying he transferred his mind
to a series of data one was destroyed
with steve and another hydra hid there
then they turn on the computer and the
person who's inside recognizes them and
they ask him to help them they tell him
that ultron destroyed everything and the
story we already know and that they need
his help to infiltrate his code and
dismantle it from the inside something
similar to what he did with shield all
this asking him doesn't make much sense
though because after that they threaten
him with destroying the computer if he
doesn't do it so he accepts then they
call the avengers tower order a pizza
and i guess with that the ultron network
is going to locate them and go looking
for them the plan is to load the program
through a sentinel drone and with that
attack ultron after that and when the
army arrives they set fire to the
computer but with the drone they managed
to connect to one of the sentinel's army
at that moment the computer manages to
connect and so that he doesn't try to
escape they break his legs the problem
is that when he tries to connect to the
hive he realizes that ultron's hive mind
is out of reach so they take the
computer and both manage to escape from
ultron's army well actually both of them
don't because at that moment clint
doesn't want to keep fighting he drops
himself and suicides
killing the whole ultron army meanwhile
nat realizes that her old friend died
and the computer tells her that they
have to continue because more sentinels
are approaching there he tells her that
apparently he couldn't connect to the
hive because the sentinels can
communicate interstellarly or something
like that the point is that apparently
ultron is not in the observable universe
but is fighting the watcher then after
fighting for a while he ends up making
the watcher leave his usual place and
ends up falling to one of the planets at
that moment he tells him that as a
watcher he can not alter the natural
order of things ultron says he cannot
stop him and both begin to fight but at
that moment the watcher gets more power
gets what seems to be a new suit
and starts fighting across universes
there he starts to beat him makes the
universe's change and when he's about to
destroy him the watcher manages to
escape this but now ultron is
watching everything from the watcher's
place finally the watcher meets doctor
strange and tells him that he has no
choice but at that moment doctor strange
himself asks him if he's ready to break
his oath and together they prepare to
destroy ultron that was what if ultron
won don't forget to subscribe so you
don't miss the last episode of what if
next week and finally comment which
series or movie you'd like me to
summarize for future videos see you
later
okay bye
[Music]